Avatar & Niche Worksheet
This worksheet will require some thinking, but it will set you up so that everything you do, say, and write will speak directly to your most perfect customers or clients. You cannot charge premium prices while pleasing the “masses.” You must zero in on your avatar’s deep problems. 

If you get stuck on this, we’re happy to help (our email for sharing is (http://m.me/alishiawillardson) but the sooner you get this done, the sooner you can craft your offer and start selling. 

1. The biggest result I can help a business or person achieve is? Help set up and run the necessary backend tech for coaches/consultants  so that they can concentrate on more important tasks

2. Describe the favorite client you’ve ever had that you want more of... He/she 

3. What’s the biggest problem your most ideal client has? Having limited time to set up his/her business backend tech and at the same time concentrate on what he/she enjoy doing (coaching/consulting)

4. What frustrates your most ideal client the most? Having to deal with technology that they hardly have a grasp of, while making time for more important tasks

5. What are THE four to five steps for them to achieve success and get results? 1.Decide on the technology business needs of their business 2.Decide on what tools (applications/software) will be best fit to achieve those needs  3.Decide on what budget they wish to spent on backend technology   4.Apply the selected tools and   5. Evaluate the outcome

6. What keeps your perfect client awake at night (worrying, fearful, anxious)? 1. How do I get clients 2. How do I manage my content and make them readily available to clients in restricted fashion based on the client’s membership/payment    3.How do I make my business better for my clients in a way that will help me reach more people and at the same time be able handle the increase

7. What humiliates your perfect client (an event or occurrence they are trying to avoid)? 1. Clients cannot access content 2.Payments not processed correctly  3.Clients cannot join sessions with links provided  4.Clients cannot register through the links provided

8. What is the cost of staying where they are right now? How bad can things become if they don’t fix it? 1.Business cannot scale  2.Miss out on potential clients  3.Online content is not managed properly  4.People access the wrong content and sometime people without membership get access to paid content

9. What is their most urgent, pressing crisis they have to have solved right away (the real pain they’re facing, the thing they need fixed immediately)? 1.Building sales and marketing campaigns 2.Keeping track and follow-up of new prospects  3.linking their various software and applications together  4.Managing existing clients

